As 2015 begins to hit America, I find myself in a hackerspace in the East Bay. Over-caffeinated, surrounded by hardware, consumed by another one of my pet projects.
I live in a shack by the highway. They keep shutting down the on ramp to keep the mob off. Often the helis stand straight in the sky, and the shouting reaches the door, but the gate is stout. My neighbors, East Africans for the most part, are stolid, unconcerned; they appear to have no dog in this fight.
I get around on a janky electric scoot, some anonymous mid-seaboard Chinese model with lead for an engine. The lead fails, a bit more, each rain. One of the brakes is out of fluid, but it isn't the one you need. When I get to speed, I hear only the wind.
So I'd had a bad week, because a machine that should have got bought, didn't, leaving me not operating it. When who should enter my inbox but a Large Megacorporation. They remarked on the quality of my code repository and inquired whether I was interested in inhabiting some kind of Plexus to increase shareholder value.
This was much less subtle, and less creepy, than the time they broke through Adblock to pitch to me, while I was enjoying a tech video on one of their corporate properties. I forget what I was researching but I do know it's all related. I would say "someone" needs structured parsing very badly but what is more likely is that some *algorithm* has *decided* that *it* needs structured parsing. The hell of it is, it's right about that.
It was also a belly laugh, since I'd been running out of protein, again, and the girl bounced, again, and there's what you might call a gap in my financials. I've been pulling for these nanoparticle cats, and we're going to change the game. Financial people are really only interested in a few things: cocaine and friends, Bitcoin and friends, and living as long as possible. Turns out we got their attention, so that's something, but that hadn't even happened yet. It's been a series of busy weeks.
To stay sane I shoot. Archery five times a week, more if I can swing it. It's simple: I want the arrow to go somewhere, and it does or it doesn't. It does, I get dopamine, it doesn't, I try again. Moves the blood, keeps my eyes keen, fulfills some deep seated urge to be a killer. It's an addict's paradise.
There's more, there always is, and it's the rest of the story, friends, the part that's always told in the ellipsis. My struggle continues and our cause is real, and I have code to write, and small molecules to attach to larger ones.
As we enter 2015 it cannot be denied: I made it. I am the the protagonist of my very own low-rent cyberpunk novel. I apologize if this is not the world you chose as a fevered teenager, because we do all have to live in it. But I wanted grit, and shadowy corporations with uncertain motivations; ambiguous, hard decisions, and knowledge moving faster than it ever can be contained. I want the chaebols to hire me to do a shadowrun. I want to see Molly again.
Tonight I have coffee, and a device that looks like a sonic screwdriver and dispenses supercritically extracted cannabis via a tungsten coil and lithium battery. My phone is ancient and cracked, and died an hour ago. It is unlikely to revive until the parts arrive in a couple days, whereupon surgery will commence, and it will be restored to its former weird, buggy, jailbroken glory. The rent? Fuck man. Don't ask me about the rent.
Will it get weirder? It can and it must. Perhaps tonight I will write, drinking strong coffee, sucking the sonic screwdriver, and temper my nerves with the occasional GABAergic (like ya do). Perhaps I will greet the dawn, and think of old friends, and a mailing list that wasn't just.
Perhaps, perhaps, the sky above the port, will be the color of a television, tuned to a dead channel.
You know. Blue.
